The Project Gutenberg eBook of Texas Pecan Recipes (Revised), by
Anonymous

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: Texas Pecan Recipes (Revised)

Author: Anonymous

Release Date: March 18, 2022 [eBook #67651]

Language: English

Produced by: Stephen Hutcheson and the Online Distributed Proofreading
             Team at https://www.pgdp.net

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK TEXAS PECAN RECIPES
(REVISED) ***





  Texas
  Pecan
  Recipes

  Revised




There aren’t many Texans who don’t have a special liking for pecans
grown in the state, usually enjoying them straight from the shell. But
now, more and more people are incorporating pecans in many different
types of recipes. In this booklet we have included recipes for salads,
main dishes, desserts, candies, and cookies.

The Texas pecan industry has grown significantly from the days when
the nuts were gathered by the family and hauled to town to sell during
the season. Today, modern storage facilities and packaging make them
available year-round. And if purchasers store pecans properly, they
will retain their fresh flavor and quality for very long periods.

We hope that you find new ways to use pecans in cooking and that you
insist on Texas pecans when you shop.

  Reagan V. Brown
  Commissioner of Agriculture




Buy Fresh Texas Pecans


The pecan is the state tree, and quite properly it is named. It was a
source of food for the Indians as well as the early colonists who found
the trees growing on creek and river banks. With new varieties and
commercial cultivation, the pecan orchards of Texas provide a steady
supply of pecans during the harvesting season from October through
December.

During these months, shoppers can find fresh pecans in retail outlets
and can also purchase from growers themselves in many areas. Pecans
are native to 152 counties in Texas and are grown commercially in the
central part of the state, down on the western border, and in the
Trans-Pecos.

Check with local farm organizations for names of producers of Texas
pecans in your area.




Storage

=When stored properly, they retain good taste and high quality.=


Whether you buy a small cellophane package of shelled pecans or a
five-pound bag of in-shell pecans, the best place to store them is in
the freezer. Pecans can spoil quickly under warm temperatures, but will
keep fresh one year at 32 degrees Fahrenheit.

Pecans do not have to be thawed before being added to a recipe. Even
if they are not part of a cooked dish, they will thaw adequately
before serving. Also, portions unused can be returned to the freezer
without any loss of quality. During the holiday season, keep the pecans
refrigerated--even in-shell--until they are ready to be served.




Table of Contents


  Cheese Log                              1

  Salmon Log                              1

  Pecan Cream Cheese Ball                 1

  Pear Puree Salad                        2

  Blueberry Salad                         2

  Pecan-Cola Salad                        2

  Cranberry Salad Delight                 3

  Frozen Fruit Salad                      3

  Cream Cheese-Fruit Salad                3

  Pink Arctic Freeze                      4

  Texas Beef Nuggets                      4

  Turkey-Nut Sandwich Filling             4

  Nut Pimiento Sandwich Filling           5

  Meat Loaf with Pecan Stuffing           5

  Ham Salad                               6

  Hot Turkey Salad                        7

  Baked Stuffed Pork Chops                7

  Nutty Ham and Cheese Grills             7

  Pecan Ham Roll-Ups                      8

  Brown Rice and Nut Dressing             8

  Nut Stuffing                            8

  Fluffy Pecan Pound Cake                 9

  White Fruit Cake                        9

  Mocha Pecan Cake                        9

  Italian Cream Cake                      9

  Fresh Apple Cake                       10

  Chocolate Chip Cake                    10

  Banana Nut Cake                        10

  Texas Pecan Pie                        11

  Mocha Frosted Drops                    11

  No-Bake Fudge Cookies                  12

  Pecan Sugar Cookies                    12

  Peach Refrigerator Cookies             12

  Pecan Cinnamon Cookies                 13

  Pecan Crunch Bars                      13

  Coffee Crescents                       13

  Santa’s Thumbprint                     14

  Pecan Tassies                          14

  Texas Honey Balls                      14

  Best Ever Pecan Candy                  15

  Pecan Roll                             15

  Martha Washington Candy                15

  Pecan Clusters                         16

  Creamy Pralines                        16


Texas Pecans Are Full Of Food Energy

They have protein, carbohydrates, calcium, iron, vitamin A, ascorbic
acid, and small quantities of thiamine, riboflavin, and niacin. And
they have polyunsaturated fats.




Appetizers & Salads


CHEESE LOG

  1/4 lb. grated pimiento cheese
  1/4 lb. grated American cheese
  1 (3 oz.) pkg. cream cheese, softened
  1/2 tsp. garlic juice
  3/4 C. chopped Texas pecans
  1/4 C. paprika

Mix all ingredients except paprika by hand. Shape into log or ball.
Roll in paprika on waxed paper. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Slice
thin. Serve with crackers.


SALMON LOG

  1 (1 lb.) can salmon (2 C.)
  1 (8 oz.) pkg. cream cheese, softened
  1 T. lemon juice
  2 tsp. grated onion
  1 tsp. prepared horseradish
  1/4 tsp. salt
  1/3 tsp. liquid smoke
  1/2 C. chopped Texas pecans
  3 T. snipped parsley

Drain and flake salmon, removing bones and skin. Combine salmon, cream
cheese, lemon juice, onion, horseradish, salt, and liquid smoke. Mix
thoroughly. Chill several hours or overnight. Combine 1/2 cup chopped
pecans and parsley. Shape salmon mixture into log; roll in nut mixture.
Chill well and serve with assorted crackers.


PECAN CREAM CHEESE BALL

  2 (8 oz.) pkg. cream cheese
  1 (8-1/2 oz.) can crushed pineapple, drained
  1 C. chopped Texas pecans
  1/4 C. chopped green pepper
  2 T. chopped onion
  1 T. seasoned salt

Soften cream cheese. Gradually stir in pineapple, pecans, green pepper,
onion, and salt. Chill well. Form into a ball and roll in chopped
pecans. Chill until serving time. Garnish with twist of pineapple
slices, maraschino cherries, and parsley. Serve with assorted crackers.


PEAR PUREE SALAD

  1 (1 lb.) can pears (reserving 1 C. juice)
  1/2 C. water
  1 (3 oz.) pkg. lime gelatin
  1/4 tsp. lemon flavoring
  2 (3 oz.) pkg. cream cheese, softened
  1-1/2 C. whipped topping mix
  1/2 C. drained and chopped maraschino cherries
  1/3 C. chopped Texas pecans

Drain pears, reserving 1 cup juice. Add water to juice and heat until
boiling. Dissolve gelatin in liquid. Add lemon flavoring. Beat cream
cheese into warm mixture. Mash or blend pears and fold into gelatin and
cheese mixture until syrupy. Fold in whipped topping, cherries, and
pecans. Pour into 8 inch square pan or a mold. Chill until set.


BLUEBERRY SALAD

  1 (8 oz.) can blueberries
  1 (8 oz.) can crushed pineapple
  2 (3 oz.) pkg. raspberry-flavored gelatin
  1 C. miniature marshmallows
  3/4 C. chopped Texas pecans
  1/2 pt. whipped cream

Drain and reserve juice from blueberries and pineapple. Add enough
water to juice to make 4 cups of liquid. Heat 2 cups of this liquid to
boiling. Dissolve raspberry gelatin in boiling water. Add the remaining
2 cups liquid. Add fruit, marshmallows, and pecans. Chill until
slightly congealed, then fold in whipped cream. Chill for 3 or 4 hours
before serving.


PECAN-COLA SALAD

  1 (8 oz.) can crushed pineapple
  2 (3 oz.) pkg. cherry-flavored gelatin
  1 (1 lb.) can cherries (2 C.)
  2 (6 oz.) colas
  1/2 C. chopped Texas pecans

Drain juice off crushed pineapple and heat. Dissolve gelatin in juice.
Add remaining ingredients. Chill until set.


CRANBERRY SALAD DELIGHT

  1 small pkg. raspberry gelatin
  3/4 C. boiling water
  3/4 C. cold water
  4 C. cranberries
  2 C. sugar
  2 orange slices

  Relish mixture:
  2 C. halved and seeded red grapes
  1 C. broken Texas pecans
  1/4 tsp. lemon rind

Mix small package of raspberry gelatin in 3/4 cup boiling water
until dissolved. Add 3/4 cup cold water. Place in refrigerator until
slightly thickened. Place cranberries, sugar and orange slices in food
processor and chop fine. Chill. Fold gelatin into relish mixture. Pour
into lightly oiled 2-quart mold. Chill until congealed. Yield: 10-12
servings.


FROZEN FRUIT SALAD

  1 (No. 2-1/2) can fruit cocktail
  2 (3 oz.) pkg. cream cheese
  1 C. mayonnaise
  1/2 C. red cherries
  1 C. whipped cream
  24 marshmallows
  1 C. chopped Texas pecans

Mix fruit cocktail, cream cheese, and mayonnaise. Add red cherries,
whipped cream, marshmallows, and pecans. Freeze in ice compartment.


MOLDED CREAM CHEESE--FRUIT SALAD

  1/2 pkg. (1-1/2 oz.) lime-flavored gelatin
  1 C. boiling water
  1 C. heavy cream, chilled
  1 (3 oz.) pkg. cream cheese, softened
  1 C. chopped Texas pecans
  1 (1 lb., 4 oz.) can crushed pineapple, drained
  1 (3 oz.) jar maraschino cherries, cut into eighths

Dissolve gelatin in boiling water. Chill mixture until slightly
congealed. Whip cream and fold cream into gelatin mixture. Add cream
cheese. Blend well. Add pineapple, maraschino cherries, and pecans. Mix
well. Pour mixture into lightly-oiled individual molds and chill until
set. Unmold. Yield: 8 servings.


PINK ARCTIC FREEZE

  2 (3 oz.) pkg. cream cheese
  2 T. mayonnaise
  2 T. sugar
  1 (1 lb.) can whole cranberry sauce (2 C.)
  1 (8 oz.) can crushed pineapple, drained (1 C.)
  1/2 C. chopped Texas pecans
  1 C. whipping cream

Soften cream cheese. Blend in mayonnaise and sugar. Add cranberry
sauce, pineapple, and pecans. Whip cream and fold into mixture. Pour
into 8-1/2 x 4 x 2-1/2 inch pan and freeze until firm. Unmold and slice.


TEXAS BEEF NUGGETS

  2 lb. Texas beef tenderloin
  2/3 C. flour
  Salt and pepper
  2 C. cornflake crumbs
  1 C. finely chopped Texas pecans
  1/2 C. Parmesan cheese
  1 tsp. paprika
  1/2 tsp. nutmeg
  1 stick (1/2 C.) butter
  1/4 C. flour
  2 C. milk
  1 (10 oz.) pkg. grated sharp cheddar cheese

Cut beef into bite-size pieces (about 1-1/4 inch square). Place in
plastic or paper bag with flour. Shake until coated. Refrigerate while
continuing preparation. Combine in mixing bowl cornflake crumbs,
pecans, Parmesan cheese, paprika, and nutmeg. Set aside. In a saucepan
melt butter. Add flour and stir until dissolved. Add milk and heat
until mixture bubbles. Stir in cheese until melted. Set oven at 400
degrees F. Dip each floured beef cube in cheese sauce, allow to drain a
little, then roll in bowl of dry mixture so all sides are well coated.
Place on well-buttered cookie sheets, leaving space between each. (At
this stage, may be placed in refrigerator until needed.) Bake about 15
minutes until cubes are a deep, golden brown. Serve warm or at room
temperature.


TURKEY-NUT SANDWICH FILLING

  2 C. minced, cooked turkey
  1/2 C. minced celery
  1/2 C. finely chopped Texas pecans
  1/3 C. salad dressing
  1/2 tsp. seasoned salt
  1/4 tsp. pepper

Combine all ingredients. Refrigerate. Makes about 3 cups of filling.


NUT PIMIENTO SANDWICH FILLING

  4 T. finely chopped pimiento
  4 T. milk
  2 C. grated sharp cheddar cheese
  1 tsp. Worcestershire sauce
  1/4 C. chopped Texas pecans
  2 hard-cooked eggs
  1/2 C. salad dressing

Blend pimiento, milk, cheese, Worcestershire sauce, nuts, and eggs
until smooth. Add salad dressing and mix well.




Meat Dishes & Stuffing


MEAT LOAF WITH PECAN STUFFING


MEAT LOAF

  1-1/2 lb. ground beef
  1/2 C. chopped green pepper
  1/2 C. chopped onion
  1 tsp. salt
  1 T. Worcestershire sauce
  1 C. white bread crumbs
  1/2 C. milk
  1 egg


PECAN STUFFING

  1 egg
  1/4 C. shortening
  2 C. whole wheat bread crumbs
  1/2 C. chopped celery
  1/4 tsp. black pepper
  3/4 C. meat stock or water
  1/2 C. chopped Texas pecans

Combine meat loaf ingredients. Mix thoroughly. Place 1/2 of this
mixture in bottom of greased loaf pan. Combine pecan stuffing mixture.
Add pecans last. Mix thoroughly. Spread stuffing mixture on top of meat
mixture. Arrange remaining meat on top of pecan stuffing. Bake at 350
degrees F. for 1-1/2 hours and cool slightly before removing from pan.
Yield: 10 servings.


HAM SALAD

  2 C. cubed ham
  2 C. diced celery or apple
  1/2 C. salad dressing
  1/4 tsp. salt
  1/4 C. chopped green pepper
  1/4 C. ground Texas pecans
  1/4 C. chopped onion

Combine ham, celery or apple, and salad dressing. Chill thoroughly.
Just before serving add salt, green pepper, pecans, and onion. Yield:
6-8 servings.


HOT TURKEY SALAD

  1 C. cubed, cooked turkey
  1 C. chopped celery
  1 C. chopped Texas pecans
  1/2 C. mayonnaise
  1 T. lemon juice
  1 T. chopped onion
  1/2 C. grated cheddar cheese
  Salt and cayenne pepper to taste
  Crushed potato chips

Mix all ingredients except chips. Place into a baking dish. Cover the
top with crushed chips. Bake about 20 minutes (or until bubbly around
the edges) at 350 degrees F.


BAKED STUFFED PORK CHOPS

  1/8 C. butter or margarine
  1/2 T. chopped onion
  1 T. chopped celery
  4 (1 in. thick) pork chops with pocket cut
  1/2 C. chopped Texas pecans
  1-1/2 C. bread crumbs (soft)
  1 tsp. chopped parsley
  1 C. finely diced tart apples
  1/8 tsp. salt

Saute onions and celery in butter. Combine remaining ingredients for
stuffing. Season chops with salt and pepper. Pack stuffing in chops on
both sides. Bake in oven for 45 minutes at 350 degrees F. in a covered
casserole. Uncover and bake for 15 minutes.


NUTTY HAM AND CHEESE GRILLS

Spread butter on one side of 4 pieces of bread. Broil on cookie sheet
until golden brown on one side. Remove and brush other side with
mustard or horseradish mustard. Place a slice of ham and slice of
cheese on each piece of bread. Top with Texas pecans. Press nuts gently
into cheese. Broil for 2-3 minutes or until cheese is bubbly. Serve
hot. Yield: 4 servings.


PECAN HAM ROLL-UPS

  2 C. cooked mashed sweet potatoes
  3 T. melted butter
  1/2 C. crushed pineapple (reserve juice)
  1/2 C. fine bread crumbs
  3 T. sugar
  1/2 C. chopped Texas pecans
  3 (1/8 in. thick) slices smoked or boiled ham

Combine all ingredients except ham. Mix well. Spread this filling on
the ham slices. Roll as for jelly roll, fastening with toothpicks.
Place in baking dish, and cover with reserved pineapple juice. Bake in
350 degrees F. oven, 1 hour for smoked or 20 minutes for boiled ham,
basting frequently. Yield: 3 servings.


BROWN RICE AND NUT DRESSING

  1 C. uncooked brown rice
  2-1/2 C. chicken broth (canned)
  1 tsp. salt
  1 C. chopped onions
  1 C. celery
  1 clove minced garlic
  1 tsp. salt
  Dash of pepper
  1 C. chopped Texas pecans

Combine rice, chicken broth, and salt. Heat to boiling, stirring once.
Reduce heat and simmer, covered, for 45 minutes. Cook onions, celery,
and garlic in butter until tender. Stir in cooked rice. Add seasoned
salt, pepper, and pecans. Serve with baked breast of chicken. Yield: 6
servings.


NUT STUFFING (Moist Type for 10-12 lb. Turkey)

  1/2 C. butter
  1/2 C. chopped onion
  1 C. chopped Texas pecans
  1/4 C. chopped parsley
  1 C. chopped celery and leaves
  2 tsp. salt
  1/2 tsp. pepper
  1 tsp. poultry seasoning
  8 C. soft bread crumbs
  1 C. stock or water
  2 eggs, beaten

Melt butter in a 9 inch skillet. Add onion, cook until soft. Add
pecans, parsley, celery and leaves, salt, pepper, and poultry
seasoning. Mix. Add bread crumbs and mix. Remove from heat. Add stock
or water and eggs. Toss lightly. Yield: about 8 cups.




Cakes & Pies


FLUFFY PECAN POUND CAKE

  2 C. butter
  2 C. sugar
  10 egg yolks (at room temp.)
  1 tsp. vanilla
  1/2 tsp. salt
  4-1/2 C. sifted cake flour
  1/2 tsp. cream of tartar
  2 C. chopped Texas pecans
  10 egg whites


Glaze

  1/2 C. confectioner’s sugar
  1/2 C. milk

Cream butter until very light. Add sugar and gradually beat until
fluffy. Beat in 10 egg yolks, one at a time. Sift flour, salt, and
cream of tartar. Add to butter mixture slowly, mixing only until well
blended. Whip egg whites until stiff, but not dry. Fold into batter.
Fold in 2 cups of chopped Texas pecans. Bake at 325 degrees F. for 1
hour. Cool for 5 minutes before turning out of pan. Beat glaze mixture
until well blended. Pour sugar glaze slowly over top of warm cake.


WHITE FRUIT CAKE

  3/4 lb. margarine
  2-1/4 C. sugar
  6 eggs (one at a time)
  3-3/4 C. flour
  1 tsp. baking powder
  Pinch of salt
  1-1/2 oz. lemon extract
  1/2 lb. white raisins
  1 lb. chopped Texas pecans
  Jar of mixed candied fruit

Cream together margarine and sugar until smooth. Add 6 eggs, one at a
time. Then add flour (reserving 3/4 cup) and baking powder. Combine a
jar of mixed candied fruit with the 3/4 cup flour and add fruit and
flour to creamed mixture. Add a pinch of salt, lemon extract, white
raisins, and chopped Texas pecans, and blend well. Prepare 2 4 inch x
1/2 inch loaf pans by greasing and lining with waxed paper. Bake in a
350 degrees F. oven for 1 hour or until toothpick inserted near center
comes out clean.


MOCHA PECAN CAKE

  2 C. butter
  1 C. white sugar
  1-1/2 C. brown sugar
  6 eggs (one at a time)
  4 C. flour
  3 tsp. rum extract
  1 tsp. baking powder
  1/4 tsp. salt
  1/2 C. milk
  1 T. instant coffee (dissolved in 3 T. hot water)
  3 C. chopped Texas pecans

Soften butter, then cream with white sugar and brown sugar. Beat
in eggs, one at a time. Sift flour, baking powder, and salt. Add
alternately with milk, instant coffee, and rum extract. Fold in Texas
pecans. Pour batter into greased tube or bundt pan. Bake at 325 degrees
F. for 1-1/2 hours.


ITALIAN CREAM CAKE

  1/2 C. shortening
  1 (4 oz.) stick margarine
  2 C. sugar
  5 egg yolks
  2 C. sifted flour
  1 tsp. soda
  1 C. buttermilk
  1 tsp. vanilla
  1 can flaked coconut
  1 C. chopped Texas pecans
  5 egg whites (stiffly beaten)

Cream shortening and margarine; add sugar. Beat until smooth. Add 5 egg
yolks, one at a time, and beat well. Combine flour and soda. Add to
creamed mixture alternately with buttermilk. Stir in vanilla, flaked
coconut, and pecans. Fold in egg whites. Pour batter into three greased
and floured 8 inch pans. Bake at 350 degrees F. for 20 to 25 minutes
or until cake tests done. Cool and frost with cream cheese frosting
(below).


Cream Cheese Frosting

  1 (8 oz.) pkg. cream cheese
  1/2 stick margarine
  1 tsp. vanilla
  1 box sifted powdered sugar

Beat cream cheese and margarine together until smooth. Add vanilla and
powdered sugar. Continue to beat until very smooth and creamy. Spread
between the layers and around sides and on top of three layers. If
desired, sprinkle chopped pecans and/or coconut on cake sides and top.


FRESH APPLE CAKE

  1 C. salad oil
  2 C. sugar
  3 eggs
  3 C. flour
  1 tsp. salt
  1 tsp. vanilla
  1-1/2 tsp. soda
  1/2 tsp. nutmeg
  1 tsp. cinnamon
  1/2 tsp. cloves
  3 C. diced peeled apples
  1 C. chopped Texas pecans

Cream oil, sugar, and eggs. Add flour, salt, vanilla, soda, nutmeg,
cinnamon, and cloves and beat well. Fold in diced apples and chopped
pecans. Bake in greased and floured tube pan for approximately 1 hour
at 350 degrees F. While still in pan, place cake in a brown paper bag
until cool.


CHOCOLATE CHIP CAKE

  1 C. chopped dates
  1 tsp. soda
  1 C. water
  1 C. sugar
  1/2 C. butter
  2 eggs
  1 tsp. vanilla
  1-3/4 C. flour
  1 T. cocoa
  1 small pkg. semi-sweet chocolate chips
  1/2 C. chopped Texas pecans

Mix dates and soda. Boil water and pour over the dates. Cream sugar and
butter until fluffy. Add eggs to the sugar and butter, one at a time,
beating after each addition. Add vanilla. Blend flour and cocoa and add
to the sugar mixture. Beat well. Fold in dates and semi-sweet chocolate
chips. Pour into well-greased and floured 9 x 13 x 2 inch baking pan.
Sprinkle pecans over the top and press into batter. Bake at 350 degrees
for 30 minutes. Cool pan and cover when cool.


BANANA NUT CAKE

  1 C. shortening
  3 C. sugar
  4 eggs (one at a time)
  2 C. mashed bananas
  4 C. sifted flour
  2 C. chopped Texas pecans
  1 tsp. vanilla
  8 T. sour milk
  2 tsp. soda

Cream shortening and sugar. Add eggs, one at a time. Add mashed bananas
and sifted flour. Then add pecans and vanilla. Fold in sour milk and
soda. Pour into a 10 inch tube pan. Bake for 30 minutes at 375 degrees
F.


TEXAS PECAN PIE

  4 eggs
  1/2 C. brown sugar
  3/4 C. light corn syrup
  1/8 T. salt
  1 tsp. vanilla
  1 T. melted butter
  1 C. Texas pecan halves
  1 9 in. unbaked pie shell

Beat eggs until frothy. Add brown sugar, corn syrup, salt, vanilla,
melted butter, and Texas pecan halves. Pour into pie shell. Bake 10
minutes in 450 degrees F. oven. Reduce to 350 degrees for about half an
hour or until knife comes out clean.




Cookies


MOCHA FROSTED DROPS

  1/2 C. shortening
  2 (1 oz.) squares unsweetened chocolate
  1 C. brown sugar
  1 egg
  1 tsp. vanilla
  1/2 C. buttermilk
  1-1/2 C. sifted all-purpose flour
  1/2 tsp. soda
  1/2 tsp. baking powder
  1/4 tsp. salt
  1/2 C. chopped Texas pecans
  1 (6 oz.) pkg. semi-sweet chocolate pieces

Melt shortening and unsweetened chocolate squares in a saucepan.
Cool 10 minutes. Stir in brown sugar. Beat in egg, vanilla, and
buttermilk. Sift together flour, soda, baking powder, and salt. Add to
the chocolate mixture. Stir in Texas pecans and semi-sweet chocolate
pieces. Drop from teaspoon on greased cookie sheet. Bake at 375 degrees
F. about 10 minutes. Remove from pan and cool. Frost with mocha
frosting (below). Yield: about 3-1/2 dozen.


Mocha Frosting

  1/2 C. butter
  2 T. cocoa (regular-type dry)
  2 tsp. instant coffee powder
  Dash salt
  2-1/2 C. sifted confectioner’s sugar
  1-1/2 tsp. vanilla
  Enough milk (about 3 T.) for spreading consistency

Cream together butter, cocoa, instant coffee, and salt. Beat in
confectioner’s sugar, vanilla, and enough milk for spreading
consistency.


NO-BAKE FUDGE COOKIES

  3 C. oatmeal
  1 tsp. vanilla
  1 C. chopped Texas pecans
  2 C. sugar
  1/2 C. cocoa
  1/2 C. milk
  1 (4 oz.) stick margarine

Mix oatmeal, vanilla, and chopped pecans in a large bowl. In a saucepan
bring to a rolling boil sugar, cocoa, milk, and margarine. Pour second
mixture over first. Stir thoroughly and drop by teaspoonful on waxed
paper. Cookies are ready to eat when cool. Yield: about 60 cookies.


PECAN SUGAR COOKIES

  1/2 C. butter
  1 C. shortening
  1 C. powdered sugar
  1 egg
  2-1/4 C. flour
  1/2 tsp. soda
  1/2 tsp. cream of tartar
  1 T. milk
  1/4 C. crushed Texas pecans
  Decorator sugar (enough for tops of cookies)

Mix all ingredients except pecans and decorator sugar. Roll into small
balls and place on a cookie sheet. Press down with a glass dipped in
sugar. Sprinkle Texas pecans and decorator sugar on the top. Bake at
350 degrees F. for 12 minutes.


PEACH REFRIGERATOR COOKIES

  3/4 C. butter
  1-1/2 C. brown sugar
  1 egg
  2-1/2 C. flour
  3 tsp. baking powder
  1 tsp. salt
  1/4 C. milk
  1 C. chopped dried peaches
  1 C. chopped Texas pecans

Cream butter, brown sugar, and egg. Sift flour, baking powder, and
salt. Add to the creamed mixture alternately with milk. Add dried
peaches and pecans. Mix well. Shape into rolls and wrap in waxed paper.
Place in freezer until ready to bake. Slice thin and bake on cookie
sheet in 400 degrees F. oven for 12-15 minutes.


PECAN CINNAMON COOKIES

  3 egg whites
  1-1/2 C. sugar
  3/4 tsp. cinnamon
  4-1/2 to 5 C. ground Texas pecans (enough so dough will hold shape the
  size of a walnut)

Beat egg whites and sugar for 15 minutes. Add cinnamon. Mix thoroughly.
Add Texas pecans. Bake on greased cookie sheet 1/2 inch apart for 40
minutes at 275 degrees F.


PECAN CRUNCH BARS

  1/4 C. shortening
  1/2 C. brown sugar
  1 C. sifted flour
  2 T. flour
  1/2 tsp. baking powder
  1/2 tsp. salt
  2 eggs, beaten
  1 C. brown sugar
  2 tsp. vanilla
  1 C. shredded coconut
  1 C. chopped Texas pecans

First layer: Cream together shortening and brown sugar until light. Add
sifted flour. Mix until crumbly. Press mixture evenly in greased pan
(7 x 11 x 1-1/2 inch). Bake at 350 degrees F. for 15 minutes. Mix flour,
baking powder, and salt. Mix together eggs, brown sugar, and vanilla.
Combine with dry ingredients and mix well. Add shredded coconut and
chopped pecans. Pour the second layer on top of the first as soon as it
comes from the oven. Bake about 30 minutes longer. Cut into 24 bars.


COFFEE CRESCENTS

  1 C. butter, softened
  1 C. sugar
  Juice of 1 orange
  1/2 tsp. orange extract
  3 C. flour
  1/2 C. chopped Texas Pecans
  1/2 tsp. soda
  1 tsp. baking powder
  1 C. sugar
  1/2 C. honey
  3/4 C. brewed coffee

Cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add juice of orange and
orange extract. Combine flour, soda, and baking powder. Add gradually
to the creamed mixture. Chill dough 1 hour. Roll out to 1/4 inch
thickness on floured board. Cut with crescent-shaped cookie cutter.
Place on greased cookie sheets. Bake at 350 degrees F. for 8 minutes or
until delicately browned. Cool. Combine sugar, honey and brewed coffee
in saucepan. Bring to boil and simmer 5 minutes. Dip the cooled cookies
in honey mixture and sprinkle with chopped Texas pecans. Place on cake
racks to drain. Yield: 4 dozen.


SANTA’S THUMBPRINT

  1 C. shortening
  1/2 C. sugar
  1/2 C. brown sugar, firmly packed
  1 egg
  1 tsp. vanilla
  1/2 tsp. almond extract
  2 C. flour
  1/4 tsp. soda
  1/4 tsp. salt
  1-1/2 C. oats (quick or old-fashioned, uncooked)
  1 (6 oz.) pkg. semi-sweet chocolate pieces
  48 Texas pecan halves

Beat shortening, gradually adding sugar and brown sugar. Beat until
fluffy. Add egg, vanilla, and almond extract. Sift together flour,
soda, and salt. Stir into creamed mixture. Blend in oats. Shape dough
into small balls and place on ungreased cookie sheets. Make a hollow in
each ball. Bake in a preheated 375 degrees F. oven for 10-12 minutes.
Melt semi-sweet chocolate pieces in top of double boiler. Spoon melted
chocolate into center of each cookie. Top with pecan half. Chill until
chocolate is firm. Yield: 4 dozen.


PECAN TASSIES

  1 (3 oz.) pkg. softened cream cheese
  1/2 C. softened butter
  1 C. sifted flour
  1 egg
  3/4 C. brown sugar
  1 T. softened butter
  1 tsp. vanilla
  1/4 tsp. salt
  1/2 C. Texas pecans

Blend cream cheese and 1/2 cup butter in mixing bowl. Stir in flour.
Chill 1 hour. Shape into 24 small balls. Place in ungreased 1-3/4 inch
muffin pans. Press dough against the bottom and sides of the pan.
Sprinkle pecans over the dough. Beat together egg, brown sugar, 1
tablespoon butter, vanilla, and salt until smooth. Spoon egg mixture
into dough and top with enough Texas pecans to cover top. Bake at 325
degrees F. until filling is set, about 25 minutes. Cool; remove from
pans. Yield: 2 dozen.


TEXAS HONEY BALLS

  1 C. butter
  1/2 C. honey
  2 C. flour
  1/2 tsp. salt
  2 tsp. vanilla
  2 C. chopped Texas pecans

Cream butter. Add honey, flour, salt, and vanilla. Mix well. Add Texas
pecans. Chill. Roll into small balls and bake on greased cookie sheet
at 325 degrees F. for 20 minutes. Yield: 4 dozen.




Candies


BEST EVER PECAN CANDY

  2 C. sugar
  1 C. buttermilk
  1 tsp. soda
  2 tsp. vanilla
  1-1/2 C. chopped Texas pecans

Combine sugar, buttermilk, and soda in a large saucepan. Cook over low
heat to soft ball stage (236 degree F. on candy thermometer). Remove
from heat and cool for 5 minutes. Add vanilla and Texas pecans. Beat
until slightly thickened. Drop by teaspoonful onto waxed paper.


PECAN ROLL

  2 C. sugar
  1 C. brown sugar
  1/8 tsp. salt
  1 C. light cream
  1/4 C. corn syrup
  2 T. butter
  Powdered sugar (enough to dust pastry board)
  1/2 C. chopped Texas pecans

Cook sugar, brown sugar, salt, cream, and corn syrup until mixture
forms a soft ball when dropped in cold water. Remove from fire. Add
butter. Cool. Beat until creamy, turn out on pastry board dusted with
powdered sugar. Knead until firm. Shape into roll and roll in Texas
pecans. Press nuts firmly into candy. Keep in a cool place until firm
enough to slice.


MARTHA WASHINGTON CANDY

  1 stick melted margarine
  2 C. chopped Texas pecans
  1 can sweetened condensed milk
  1 small can coconut
  1-1/2 box powdered sugar
  1 large pkg. chocolate chips
  4 oz. paraffin

Mix margarine, Texas pecans, sweetened condensed milk, coconut, and
powdered sugar. Drop small pieces on waxed paper. Refrigerate for 4
hours. Melt in double boiler chocolate chips and paraffin and mix
together well. Using a toothpick, dip each piece into melted chocolate
chips and paraffin.


PECAN CLUSTERS

  1/4 C. butter or margarine
  1/2 C. sugar
  1 egg
  1-1/2 squares unsweetened chocolate, melted
  2 tsp. vanilla
  1/2 C. flour
  1/4 tsp. baking powder
  1/2 tsp. salt
  1-1/2 C. broken Texas pecans

Cream butter and sugar. Add egg, unsweetened chocolate, and vanilla.
Mix well. Sift flour, baking powder, and salt. Stir into creamed
mixture. Add Texas pecans. Drop from teaspoon onto greased baking
sheet. Bake at 350 degrees F. for 10 minutes. Yield: 1-1/2 dozen.


CREAMY PRALINES

  2 C. sugar
  1 C. brown sugar
  1/2 C. milk
  1/4 C. butter
  1/4 tsp. salt
  3 C. chopped Texas pecans

Combine sugar, brown sugar, milk, butter, and salt in saucepan. Bring
to a rolling boil. Add Texas pecans. Continue cooking to the soft ball
stage. Remove from heat. Stir until the candy looks creamy. Spoon out
onto waxed paper to cool.


[Illustration: TEXAS AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS]

  FOR FREE RECIPES AND INFORMATION
  ABOUT TEXAS FOOD AND FIBER PRODUCTS WRITE:
  REAGAN V. BROWN, COMMISSIONER
  TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
  P.O. BOX 12847, CAPITOL STATION
  AUSTIN, TEXAS 78711
  M-62-510R-5/79 Revised




Transcriber’s Notes

Page 5: In the original recipe for meat loaf, “1/2 C. milk” was
repeated twice.

A few minor adjustments were made to improve consistency in formatting.

The loaf pan size for White Fruit Cake was 2 4 inch x ½ in the original
and has been left this way, although we are not aware of any pan of
that size.

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK TEXAS PECAN RECIPES
(REVISED) ***

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
United States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  you are located before using this eBook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that:

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
